Improve documentation on install/upgrades notes (#2595)
YunoHost/doc: docs/packaging/30.doc.mdx

  - NB: try to not overlap with the anti-feature tags from the catalog (cf. Publishing your app in the catalog) which can be used to warn that the app's upstream is alpha-stage or deprecated among other things.
- `doc/POST_INSTALL.md`: displayed in a popup after the installation AND a dismissable note in the webadmin app info view.
- `doc/PRE_UPGRADE.md`: displayed right before any upgrade of this app.
  - NB: the pre-upgrade note from the NEW version will be used, not the one from the installed version.
- `doc/POST_UPGRADE.md`: displayed in a popup after the upgrade AND a dismissable note in the webadmin app info view.

In these files you can use the `__FOOBAR__` syntax which will automatically be replaced with the `foobar` setting.

These notes are displayed both in WebUI and CLI contexts. In the CLI context, admin is prompted to press a key to dismiss the note and continue the install/upgrade process.

### Display notes only for a specific version

To display such note only for a specific version, you can create a markdown file named after the version inside a folder named after the targeted hook as such: `doc/{hook}.d/{version}.md`, where:

> - `{hook}` corresponds to one of the four available hooks (`PRE_INSTALL`, `POST_INSTALL`, etc.).

Reviewer: The `.d/` folder is only meaningful for PRE and POST_UPGRADE, there's no point in having a "per version" stuff for install since the version being installed is ... the version being installed

```suggestion
- `{hook}` corresponds to `PRE_UPGRADE` or `POST_UPGRADE`
```
